is   inner section
     All the text of the current section without heading and without
     subsections.
as   a section
     The text of the current section with heading, but without subsections.
iS   inner Section
     The text of the current section without heading, but with all
     subsections (including their headings of course).
aS   a Section
     The text of the current section with headin and with all subsections.

ih   inner heading
     The text of the heading of the current section without section level markers.
ah   a heading
     The text of the heading of the current section with section level markers.

ib   inner block
     The text in the current block without the surrounding block
     delimiters.
ab   a block
     The text in the current block with the surrounding block delimiters.
     But without any decorators like labels.
aB   a Block (alternative: Ab)
     The text in the current block with the surrounding block delimiters
     and also any decorators like labels.

il   inner list
     All list items adjacent to the current one (including the current
     one).
iL   inner List
     All list items adjacent to the current one (including the current one)
     and also all descendents. FIXME: This is bullshit. 'il' would also
     have to include all descendents!
al   a list
     All list items of the current list of all levels.

ii   inner item
     the content of the current list item, but without the bullet.
ai   an item
     the current list item with the bullet, but without its descendents.
aI   an Item
     the current list item with the bullet and all its descendents.

Title? Should this be any special than the sections?

Document header? (document title, author and revision information, and document-wide attributes)

Document preamble? Split in first and remaining paragraphs?

Table. Inner? Outer?
Table Cell?
Table Row?
Table Column?

Block Title. To be able to modify (or add!) it while somewhere in the
block. Therefore a _motion_ to jump to the Block title would be handy, too.

Block Metadata. The same as for block title. But since there can be
multiple lines of metadata, it may not be that useful.

(Link, Xref, Image etc.) Macro. The macro itself and another one for its label.


and so on...
